Andy: When we arrive on a scene,
civilians don't see us,
not really.
Is there anything else
we need to sign off on
for the vic we brought in --
Natalie Forrester?
That's the last one.
Thanks.
♪ That precious glow is on me ♪
Like I said...thanks.
They don't see past our gear,
our uniforms.
We should get
back to the station.
With Captain Fire Grinch?
I am not in a rush.
We've handled Ripley
as our Interim Captain
for the past six weeks.
We can handle
Captain Sullivan.
The man doesn't smile.
It's unnerving.
And he doesn't like me, never
has, not even a little bit.
Then make him like you.
That's what I plan to do.
The uniform
inspires confidence.
You're really okay
with it?
Going from being
Sometimes-Captain
to just being
part of the team?
The uniform makes
people believe...
Giving orders is harder
than following them.
Easy. I got this.
Yeah, but even
Captain Sullivan's orders?
Watch and learn,
Miller, okay?
By the end of the day, Sullivan
will be basking in my awesome.
...everything
is gonna be okay...
Besides, don't act like
he's the only reason
you've been dragging
your feet to stay here.
♪ Oh oh oh ♪
You're trying to rebound
from your JJ breakup
with Dr. Pierce.
Dr. Pierce
is kind of a genius.
And witty and kind.
I mean --
And you should tell her
all that right now.
She's behind you.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Clears throat ]
-[ Chuckles ] Made you look.
-Yeah? You think that's funny?
Has anyone seen my son?!
H-He's 10 years old.
Uh, h-he has brown hair,
and he was wearing a yellow
and gray baseball shirt.
W-- Max was on the roof,
and he just ran away.
And I can't find him.
I need your help.
E-Evan, right?
We're gonna help you, okay?
Have you called
the police?
...even when your whole house
is burning down.
Look at this face attached
to Max Forrester, 10 years old.
He was reported missing.
Garcia and Vu are en route
to search Grey-Sloan,
where he was last seen.
Everybody else, start
with a four-block
radius of the hospital.
Branch out from there.
Let's go. Get out there.
♪♪
Is Captain Sullivan really just
never gonna eat with us?
Maybe he just doesn't eat.
He doesn't do group dining.
Pass the tortillas.
Do you think he uses these
drills to rank us or something?
What does that even mean?
Fastest person
gets to be his go-to person.
No -- that he
"doesn't do" group dining.
I mean, it's family-style
with a group who dines.
It's not a big deal.
It makes me feel like
we're doing something
wrong for eating.
Mm. It's, uh, almost time
for mid-shift lineup.
Sullivan can't go half a shift
without checking in.
Was he like this
in the Training Academy, too?
Yes.
Except there was
more, uh, yelling.
And he thought
my name was "Gelson."
[ Chuckles ]
♪ Go ahead, express yourself ♪
Your belt is missing.
Oh, damn.
I bet Miller and Herrera's day
is better than this.
Has anyone seen a boy
come through here alone?
He's 10 years old.
Security cameras saw him
going down a back stairway.
Hey, he left the hospital
through the E.R.
Dispatch from Officer Vu --
we have reason to believe
the child has vacated
the hospital. Over.
What? Max is just out there
wandering all alone?
Look, I-I'm sure
we'll find your son, okay?
What the hell
do you know?
I trusted you with my child,
and you lost him.
Are there places
that PD should focus on,
places that Max
likes to go?
I-I-I don't know.
Natalie would know.
If only we could ask her.
I wish there was something more
we could do for your wife,
but in her condition,
after the surgery...
Look, my wife is dying.
And now my kid is missing.
It's a lot.
Do you think he's okay?
Chances are, Max just
got overwhelmed and
needed some space.
Officer Vu and her team
are working very hard
to find him quickly.
Quickly? How quickly?
My son is out there.
I need answers.
[ Siren wailing ]
[ Horn honking ]
It's a reasonable request.
Seems like such
a bad first impression,
like, "Hey, uh,
Mean New Boss?
Hi. Travis.
Can I have some more time off?"
You weren't on vacation.
You were healing
from heart surgery.
Yeah, and I -- and I did that
for six weeks.
I-I-I healed.
I could try jumping
back into work now.
As the person who was by
your side for those six weeks,
a little more time
won't hurt.
[ Fork clatters ]
[ Sighs ]
I'll grab you
another fork.
I don't need you to --
I'm done anyway. Grant...
[ Fork clatters ]
...we got to go.
[ Sighs ]
Stick to our plan.
Ask for more time.
Recovery takes
as long as it takes.
Okay.
How bad can one little
meeting be, right?
♪♪
Captain Herrera,
you look well.
Can I help you
with something?
Now that I'm nearing my last few
radiation treatments,
I'd like to discuss
my future here, officially,
if you have a moment.
Yeah.
Actually, I...do not.
It's time for lineup.
[ Chuckling ] Lineup?
-Yes.
-Mid-shift?
That's very thorough.
Can't be late.
Well, I'll just wait,
then.
Oh, no, no need.
No discussion necessary.
Enjoy your retirement.
You deserve it.
♪♪
[ Radio chatter ]
There. That boy matches
our description, yeah?
Logue to Dispatch --
pulling over
for a possible match
to active 415.
Max? Max.
♪♪
Hey. No, wait!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Max!
No, no, no, Max!
Man: Aah!
Max! Max!
Answer us, please!
Max, can you hear me?!
Call it in, Tanner --
Search and Rescue.
Officer Tanner to all units --
our missing-child case
just escalated
to a Search and Rescue.
We need backup and
the fire department ASAP.
[ Breathing heavily ]
Damn it. Damn it.
Damn it!
♪♪
You're missing a button.
[ Chuckling ] Shoot.
It have caught on the --
Don't explain.
Fix it.
♪♪
Next.
I, uh,
finished the laundry --
And you burned
your hand.
Yes, uh, when
I was checking a door
at the apartment fire
this morning --
I was there.
And I saw you
remove your glove...
against protocol.
They patched you up
at Grey-Sloan?
I patched myself up,
actually.
I used to be a --
-Surgeon. Right.
Anesthesiologist
before that.
Now you're
a firefighter.
What's next?
You decided yet?
Sticking with
firefighter, sir.
Time will tell,
I suppose.
But while you are here,
you should
consider yourself
and that hand of yours
my assets.
My assets belong to
the Seattle Fire Department,
here to serve with
the residents of Seattle.
Now, when you do things
like burn your hand
or leaving one of your own
bleeding out in a stairwell,
you risk losing one
of my assets.
The skyscraper was
a complicated situation --
You're assigned
to reception.
Keep the seat warm,
answer the phones...
without risking
any more of my assets.
[ Door opens, closes ]
Travis: Okay, gang,
who wants
the Bavarian cr--
♪♪
Hi, Captain.
I'm really sorry.
I did not realize that
you were in the middle of this.
I'm gonna --
I'm gonna go over here.
[ Klaxons sound ]
Technical rescue --
intersection 16th Street
and Fulton Street
for Engine 19.
[ Engines start ]
You're not going with?
Seat-warming duty.
I'm an asset.
[ Sirens wailing ]
It sounds like Max fell
into the pipe drainage system.
Miller and I need to go join
the Search and Rescue efforts.
What do I do?
Stay with Natalie?
Max must be so scared.
I mean, can I go with you?
The rules don't allow
family to ride along in
this type of situation.
The situation
is his child.
But given that he's a minor
and that we care...
we know how
to bend the rules.
Natalie's brain is...
She's not waking up.
That's what you said,
right?
And she would want me
to be there for Max.
Then let's
get you to Max.
Come on.
♪♪
God,
I-I feel the same way.
I just wish there was
something that we could do.
[ Engine starts ]
Look, the firefighters have
their job, and we have ours.
Yeah,
but what if Max is hurt?
He could be.
A fall like that
into a giant drain?
When they find him, we could be
right there to stitch him up,
give him antibiotics,
morphine.
We could bring
the E.R. to him.
[ Siren wailing ]
Beats just
standing here waiting.
Look, I-I can't go.
Natalie's --
Stable.
Maggie, Natalie is stable.
At this point, all you're doing
is making her comfortable.
Bailey can monitor and --
and keep an eye on her.
Don't you think she'd want you
to keep Max safe?
[ Siren wailing in distance ]
Come on.
[ Siren wailing ]
[ Radio chatter ]
[ Cellphone rings ]
Hang on. It's my dad.
Dad, what's wrong?
Are you okay?
[ Sighs ]
A broken washing machine
is not an emergency.
[ Chuckles ] Well, that's
a matter of opinion.
Yeah, I-I kinda
can't right now, Dad.
I'm still on a call.
Yes. I know
I called back,
'cause you said
it was an emergency.
Yeah, is it --
is it a motor problem
or, like,
a capacity problem?
Because when my machine is just
the slightest bit off-kilter...
We can take a look
after shift, okay?
But right now
is not the best time --
No. Matter of fact,
have him br--
Br-Bring your clothes
in to the station
and just put 'em
in Warren's basket.
I do that
all the time.
Yes, I remember
that pink shirt.
I think you look great
in that pink shirt.
You can pull off any fashion
choice, sir. Any choice.
Talk later, okay?
[ Sighs ]
I feel you.
My parents
are exhausting, too.
They just don't get it,
never have.
So how do you deal
with it?
Oh, I moved out.
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
[ Brakes screech ]
[ Radio chatter ]
So, this is where
you lost Max?
This is where
I found Max.
Right, but then
you lost him.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Miller.
Took you long enough.
Sir, this is Evan Forrester,
Max's father.
Of course.
Captain Sullivan.
Yes. Herrera radioed
that you'd be coming.
Look, we will do
everything in our power
to get your son
safely back into your arms.
Okay. Uh, thank you
for bending the rules...
-Of course.
-...and letting me be here.
Miller, take Mr. Forrester
somewhere where he can wait.
Right.
If I move,
you go with me.
We'll do our best
to find your son.
Thank you.
Hang in there, now.
I think I have to move out
of my dad's place.
I don't know what Miller said,
but, yes, I approve.
-It's time.
-Way past.
I mean, he's feeling better,
he can take care of himself,
and I-I-I need
to do this right away,
before I chicken out and keep
living there another 30 years.
Have you told
your dad yet?
No. God. How do I tell him?
What do I tell him?
You say, "Dad, I've never lived
out from under your roof.
I need to be
an adult now,
so I'm moving in with Maya,
and I feel confident
that you can start folding your
own boxers all by yourself."
You'll let me
move in with you?
I'm actually a little offended
you didn't lead with that.
Who wouldn't want to live
at my place? It's amazing.
[ Radio chatter ]
How's it going here?
Ah, you know, Sullivan's
keeping us on a tight leash.
Ah, at least he's consistent.
I can work under consistent.
I'm focused. I'm ready.
We got this.
Uh-huh.
You wouldn't be
using that focus
to distract from
the Ryan breakup
or the fact that you haven't
seen him in six weeks, right?
Absolutely not.
Okay, good.
Ryan's working
this call with us.
So I'm glad
it won't be weird or anything.
Uh-huh.
[ Laughs ]
How's the feed?
Grimy walls with a lot
of waterworks for now,
but we'll find him.
What?
You're just
very optimistic.
I mean, it's good
on a call like this.
If I could figure out how to
survive a skyscraper explosion,
for sure we've got this.
Thank you.
Yes, we can.
Anything yet?
[ Exhales deeply ]
Officer Tanner
is looking for a report.
Uh, yeah.
No sign of Max yet.
Logue's breathing
down my neck for an update.
Yeah, I hear that.
I can feel Sullivan's eyes on us
just waiting to be impressed.
Then let's impress him.
I'll go check your anchor point.
-Okay.
[ Radio chatter ]
Don't sweat it, Tanner.
It'll pass.
Excuse me?
The weirdness
with Herrera.
I mean, she and I were weird for
a bit after we broke up, too.
We're great now.
Great.
I'm just saying,
don't sweat it.
I'm not sweating anything.
[ Vehicle doors closing ]
[ Radio chatter ]
So, are you just
messing with him now?
I thought
I was being friendly.
Hmm. To the guy
Andy picked over you?
Ancient history.
I mean, we've all moved on.
You know, life's too short
to be petty.
Sure.
That's what I was
telling him just now.
Then I don't think
he speaks Gibson.
Mm.
And neither do I,
for that matter.
-Oh.
-I need more slack.
Ben:
The closure's pristine.
Yeah, I mean, Pierce gave you
a first-class patch-up.
Like I said when
you insisted on taking a look,
my own doctors tell me
I'm healing just fine.
[ Chuckling ]
Um, what's with the box, sir?
Oh, well, I have
extra space at home
for some of my old stuff back
to, mnh, spruce the place up.
Travis: So much
has changed around here.
And the new captain's
doing mid-day lineups?
I feel like
I've missed so much.
Was that wall
always blue?
So, you're looking to ask
Sullivan for more time off?
I am.
Any pointers?
Yeah.
Be very clear.
He's quick to jump
to conclusions
you had no intention
of him jumping to.
Yep. He's gonna make up
his mind about you fast.
-Also, be prepared to stand.
-Mm.
S-Stand, sir?
Sullivan: Warren, come in.
Uh, Warren. Copy.
-We need intel.
Call Utilities
for drainage blueprints
and find out how fast
the water's flowing
from our entry point
at 16th and Fulton.
We're looking for a needle
in a haystack here.
Anything you find out
makes my haystack smaller.
Shrink the haystack.
Copy, sir.
You're not on duty, Montgomery.
We can handle this.
And miss out
on the haystack thing?
I-I-I'm the one
actually on duty here.
Sir,
you're in resort wear.
Seattle FD, need a comprehensive
drainage map immediately.
King County
Stormwater Services?
This is Travis Montgomery
from Seattle FD.
All units, listen up.
Let's mobilize.
Engine 19 is now
Storm Drain Incident Command.
We're launching
downstream containment
along Max's
two possible paths.
That's Fulton Street
and Jefferson Boulevard.
We're gonna split up
and check each and every drain
along the way.
We need to get ahead of Max,
let the current bring him
towards us.
Each company, your captains have
your intersection assignments.
Get out there.
PD, I want squad cars
with FD on both lines!
Get them access!
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Herrera!
Hey. What are you guys
doing out here?
-We came to help.
-Who are you?
Uh, this is Dr. Pierce
and Dr. DeLuca.
We're the doctors
for Max's mom.
We can be on medical standby
or whatever you need.
I'll take one of you
on the engine
so you can keep
Mr. Forrester calm.
-I'll do that.
-Jimmy, take her to the engine.
Uh, I bet Miller
can make room for you.
Thank you.
Bishop.
You run point on truck
today.
If anyone harnesses up
on your apparatus,
I want it to be you.
Try not to screw it up.
-Yes, sir.
Sir, I'm happy to jump in,
too, in any capacity.
Wherever you need me,
that's where I'll be.
You'll be with me on engine.
On Incident Command Center.
Perfect.
I can make sure that,
uh --
You can drive.
Great. I can
also harness up --
Just drive.
Let's...start there.
[ Siren wailing ]
You're sure
Sullivan told you
it was cool for you
to ride with us?
Uh-huh.
We don't normally
do civilian ride-alongs
during search and rescues,
and he is a pretty
by-the-book kind of guy.
He cited me
for missing a button.
Oh,
I'm not just a civilian.
I used to be an EMT,
so you guys can use me.
Uh, no, no.
We cannot.
I think it's great that you
and Dr. Pierce decided to come.
I'm sure surgeons
have very busy schedules,
but here you both are,
helping.
Dr. Pierce seems
really great in that way.
Yeah,
she's -- she's great.
She seems thoughtful,
too.
This is a really
thoughtful thing to do.
It was kind of my idea,
actually, but --
Does she like sushi?
What the what?
I-I asked her out,
and I haven't
heard back from her.
Well, she'll probably tell you
she's got a boyfriend.
[ Laughs ] He shoots.
He does not score.
Like, a serious boyfriend?
[ Chuckles ]
Because she made it sound
not so serious.
Hey, look, is that
the, uh, storm drain?
Okay, listen, DeLukes,
Miller and I have
a lot at stake today
with a new captain to impress,
and you getting in the way
doesn't really help
with that, so just...
I don't know -- just stick
to the sidelines, okay?
Copy, copy.
But, yeah,
that is our storm drain.
We should probably
pull over.
-All right, slow and steady.
-You got it.
Maya: You know,
it's funny.
I used to think
the worst thing in the world
would be
if you made captain,
but it turns out
Sullivan is the worst.
That's a compliment.
Thanks.
He's humorless. He micromanages.
He doesn't trust us.
He won't even eat
in the same room.
I mean, you eat
with your mouth open
and sometimes
you chew really loudly.
But, hey, at least you've never
been too good to be there.
Again, a compliment.
All right,
we're out of cord.
Still no sign of Max.
Let's bring it back up.
All clear here. Over.
Man: Copy that.
You know, if those
were compliments,
I don't think
I speak Bishop.
[ Chuckles ]
Ah. So few people do.
Ah.
Any sign of Max?
Not yet.
Try to hang in there, Evan.
Heading to Dogwood
and Jefferson, sir.
Herrera,
switch to channel two.
The plan part is my part.
Permission to head to our next
designated access point,
Dogwood and Jefferson?
Granted.
Engine 23, I want to see
your feed go live A.S.A.P.
Get an update
from the station.
[ Siren wailing ]
Hey, guys, what's the latest
on those drainage blueprints?
I'm downloading the attachment
from Utilities.
[ Sighs ]
It's a pretty large file.
So, you're on Incident Command?
How are the feeds looking?
How big a radius
are you covering?
Captain Sullivan is, uh,
handling that part
right now, Dad, so...
Sure, but I know
you have ideas.
How does it look?
What's the plan?
Captain Sullivan
has that part covered, too.
[ Chuckles nervously ]
[ Speaking Spanish ]
Dad --
Uh, just a little longer,
sir.
How are those
blueprints coming?
♪♪
I got something.
Okay, Dad,
uh, got to go.
Is that...
It's a handprint
from Station 23's feed.
That tells us which way
Max is traveling.
Yes, it does.
Change of plans, Herrera.
Reroute to Station 23's
feed location.
[ Tires screeching ]
Ladder 19, get to Norton
and Fulton right now.
Bishop, I need you
to go down inside the pipes
to intercept the boy.
He's headed
that direction.
What's going on?
Is there news?
We think we might
have a lead.
Hustle up, Herrera.
Traffic's stopped!
We're clear!
Sullivan:
Gibson, where's my camera feed?
Every second counts.
Waiting on PD, sir.
Tanner, what's the ETA?
Every second counts.
Like I said,
traffic's stopped.
You don't need to go
bad-mouthing PD to your boss.
You don't need to
get so defensive.
It's a simple question.
There a problem here,
gentlemen?
No problem.
Tanner?
All clear here, Sergeant.
All yours, FD.
[ Brakes screech ]
♪♪
Almost ready to go here,
sir!
Setting up the four-gas
detector now!
We've got picture.
Yeah, the water level's higher.
Conditions look worse.
Bishop, be aware of the current
when you get down there.
I don't need you
getting swept away, too.
Sir --
We should probably
set up decontamination,
be ready to scrub off whatever
Max has been swimming in.
Go head up De-Con.
-Hey, I'll back you up.
-Thank you.
You're backing up someone
who doesn't work
for this department!
Well, go help him!
Do we have to be doctors now
to get Sullivan to like us?
Didn't work for Warren.
Harness is secure.
I have no flow. Nothing's
coming out. Is my airline open?
It's open.
Maybe the valve is faulty.
Let's switch it out double-time.
I'll make sure it's secure.
Damn it,
we lost picture.
Max: Help me!
That's him! Captain!
Max is below us.
I repeat -- Max is below us.
Somebody, help!
Andy: We got to get in there.
We got to help him.
-Almost done.
-I'll go without the line.
-I'm going in.
-Wh-- No!
Do not go in there!
-Hey! Hey!
Jack: No, Andy,
wait for Bishop!
♪♪
[ Exhales heavily ]
-Max?!
-Please help! I'm by the wall.
Damn it.
It's so slippery.
Please help me!
Hang on.
Andy, the water keeps
pushing me!
Please help me!
Max, keep calling out!
[ Whimpering ]
Max, I'm almost there!
Help me!
Hang on, Max!
♪♪
Jack: What the hell
were you doing?
You can't jump into a storm
drain without a harness.
You know that.
-I thought I could get to Max.
We barely got you out.
I was harnessed.
Two seconds later, and I could
have gone in to get him,
except you were in there.
I was better-equipped,
and you just swooped in
before I could even try.
I'm gonna give you some
broad-spectrum antibiotics
just in case.
In case I swallowed
drainage water?
Affirmative. I did.
We risk everything
to save a kid,
but there's a right way
to do it.
-What you did just cost us time.
-I needed to try.
No, actually, you needed
to step aside and let me try.
'Cause now we may
have lost him.
♪♪
Warren, we need a new
access point yesterday.
Someone, speak!
Considering
the increased current
and the obstruction
on South Street...
Sir, I think you've got one last
shot of intercepting Max --
the corner of
Flower and Fulton, sir.
That's your last shot.
Flower and Fulton!
Go! Go! Go! Go!
[ Sirens wailing ]
[ Brakes screech ]
♪♪
[ Truck door closes ]
Evan, it may get
chaotic out here,
so the engine's the best place
for you to wait.
Do you mind if I wait
outside the engine?
Dr. Pierce is on the phone with
the hospital about my wife,
and I'm just afraid if I get
any more bad news right now,
I won't even be able
to stand up.
Of course.
Out here's fine.
Thank you.
[ Truck door closes ]
Herrera, you do not move a
finger the rest of this call.
Logue, report.
-We got a problem.
We've scouted the area.
It looks like they converted
the maintenance hole,
our access point,
to this.
That is too tiny
for us to fit through.
-No!
-Are we sure this is it?
Our intel says we should
have access at this point.
Well, it looks like
your intel's wrong.
Okay. Can you stop
with the attitude?
We're all trying
the best we can here.
Warren, why is our
access point a tiny hatch?
None of us can fit
through this thing.
Is there
any other opening?
Utilities website
says no.
Th-There's nothing else.
That's it.
Logue: Captain Sullivan,
the plan?
Going down there
is not an option.
This is our last access point,
and it's too damn small.
We make it bigger.
We can open it up with
a jackhammer or something.
There was a recent construction.
It could be a mess down there.
We're not going in blind.
We get the construction records.
Permission to add
to the plan part, Captain?
Is that a nod?
-Bishop.
-Yeah?
Get the damn jackhammer.
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
Ready to dig, Captain.
Ben:
Got the construction records.
Are we clear to dig?
Scrolling through now.
You should have an answer
in a second.
[ Cellphone vibrating ]
♪♪
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
I got a visual on Max.
-He looks exhausted.
-He's beneath us right now.
-We need to get down there.
-We are not losing Max again.
Max, hold on tight!
Do you hear me?! Don't let go!
Somebody rig up
some walkies and a line
so at least
we can talk to him.
Warren, time's up.
Can we dig?
♪♪
D-Do not dig!
Do not dig!
You are standing
above a gas line.
Y-You hit that wrong, and the
whole city block could blow up.
[ Glasses clatter ]
What the hell
are we gonna do now?
♪♪
Max? It's Andy.
You remember me, from earlier,
in the pipes
and at the hospital?
Max, can you hear me?
I wanna come up!
My head hurts!
I know, Max,
but for now,
I need you to keep
holding on tight.
We're gonna figure
something out, okay?
I don't like it
down here!
I'm cold!
Help me, please!
Can't you help?
[ Radio chatter ]
All right, so,
what's the plan here?
Miller, how big is Max,
do you think,
for a 10-year-old?
About average, maybe?
What does that matter?
Oh.
-Yeah.
Oh, you're right.
You're so right.
I'll get the ring.
Hughes, Miller, Davit.
-Davit!
-On it.
Anyone care to clue me in?
♪♪
Andy! Andy, are you
still there?!
I'm here.
I'm not going anywhere.
I'm really cold.
I know, Max.
Okay, can you, uh,
think about something warm?
Maybe that'll help.
Like when you open the door
to a car in the middle of summer
and it's so hot inside,
your eyes burn.
Can you picture that?
No.
Okay.
Or, well, t-think about
other things that warm you up,
like a hot chocolate
or your favorite blanket or...
A hug? From my mom?
Yeah. Just like that.
Andy?
I'm here.
I miss my mom.
[ Exhales deeply ]
[ Voice breaking ]
I miss my mom, too, Max.
Will I get
to see her again?
We're working on it, okay?
♪♪
[ Chain rattles ]
Is he in there?
Max! Oh, my God!
-Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
-Hey, hey!
Max, it's Daddy!
I'm right here! Max!
-Mr. Forrester!
-Easy, easy.
What are you doing?
He's right there.
Max, we'll send you
a floaty, okay?
I'm gonna need you
to grab it.
But you said
don't let go!
Max, just grab the floaty,
buddy, just like at the pool.
♪♪
Daddy?
Here, he can hear you
through this.
Max.
Can't you come get me?
I want to, buddy,
but I can't.
I don't believe you!
You've been lying to me all day!
I want Mom!
Mom's not here, okay?
I don't care!
I want her!
I don't want you!
♪♪
-He's losing his grip!
-He's got to grab that thing!
-No, no, no, no!
-Hey!
Evan, Evan, Evan.
Your wife is dying.
You need to say that
out loud to your son, okay?
He's a very smart kid.
He sensed it when
we were at the hospital.
He needs you to say
those words to him
so he knows you're being
straight with him.
♪♪
Sullivan: Come on.
Come on.
Talk to your son.
Maxie?
You're right.
I-I didn't tell you
the truth before.
And sometimes I just forget
how grown-up you are.
And the truth is...
♪ Didn't think the Earth ♪
...Mom's not gonna
make it, buddy.
♪ Would stop and settle down ♪
But...
♪ Never thought the words
I spoke ♪
...I bet she's
holding on for you.
♪ Would haunt me now ♪
And I know she would love
to feel a hug from you...
♪ And no one said the air gets
thin when you're going down ♪
...from all of us, together...
one last time.
♪ But it does ♪
I'd love it, too, Maxie.
♪ Yeah, it does ♪
And I love you so much.
♪ Burning bridges
one more time ♪
And I know --
I know it's scary to let go,
but you are so brave.
♪ Burning bridges all my life ♪
You're just like mom that way.
So I need you to let go...
♪ If I have to swim ♪
...grab the floaty...
♪ If I have to fly ♪
...and wrap it
around your waist, okay?
♪ If I have to tear the seas
from the soil ♪
You can do it.
Do it for Mom.
♪ And start a new life ♪
♪ I'll take a breath ♪
[ Whimpers ]
♪ And I'll take my time ♪
[ Grunts ]
♪ And I'll get there ♪
Sullivan: Here we go.
-Come on. Almost there.
-Get those elbows in, Max.
Attaboy.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Max: Dad!
All right!
[ Crying ] Dad!
-Come on, Max.
-Dad! Dad!
[ Breathing heavily ]
♪♪
I'm sure you need me
to move,
but I can't
let him go right now.
No, you stay put.
We can work around you.
We did it.
We found
the needle in a haystack.
Yes, we did...
despite you.
You cost us valuable time,
time we should have spent
focusing on Max,
not fishing you out.
I know.
It was a big swing,
but --
Big swings
are a privilege,
one that --
let's be clear --
you have yet
to earn with me.
Herrera, you coming?
♪♪
Wow. We really pulled that off.
Is this every day for you?
I mean, some days
also involve fire.
Right. Fire.
Hey, look, I know you told me
to stick to the sidelines today,
but, um, I did a thing
that might make you mad.
See the tall guy over there
from Station 23?
Ugh. 23 is where the slugs of
the department go to get slower.
Yeah, well, this guy's
not a slug.
I, uh, got his number.
Congrats.
For you.
He was asking
if you might be interested.
♪♪
Let's go!
You can't just do that
and then squid away, DeLukes.
[ Ambulance door closes ]
♪♪
[ Chuckles ]
[ Monitor beeping ]
♪ All or nothing ♪
♪ I'm still here
waiting for something ♪
♪♪
♪ To reach out to me ♪
♪ To make this easy ♪
My captain thinks the team
saved Max today despite me.
I mean, I know I cost us time,
but in the end...
♪ Time relentlessly
marches steadily ♪
...we -- we gave that family
this moment right here.
♪ Onward ♪
That counts for something.
Do you need
to yell about it?
♪ I'd take it back,
take it back ♪
There's a supply closet
down the hall
where people like
to do their yelling.
Actually,
I know that closet.
♪ Back to start again ♪
Dr. Grey let me
melt down there once,
when my dad
collapsed in a fire.
Really?
That's my sister.
No wonder
I like you so much.
♪ Every time
it's hard to find ♪
[ Both laugh ]
-Herrera. Ready?
-Yeah.
♪ The strength inside me ♪
It was great riding
with you today, Dr. Pierce.
Same here.
♪ To leave this all behind ♪
Um, hey, Miller.
♪ Search your eyes
to tell me why ♪
♪ Give me a reason ♪
You seem
really great and everything.
I'm just --
You have a boyfriend.
♪ To keep on holding on ♪
It's cool.
I'm sure he's super into you
because why wouldn't he be?
You are remarkable.
But I-I'ma just put this
out in the universe.
If you ever find yourself
without a boyfriend,
I am literally just
three blocks down the street
at the fire station.
♪♪
[ Fingers snap ]
And I make a mean margarita.
[ Whispers ] He does.
[ Chuckles ]
♪ Waving in the breeze ♪
Saving a kid without
ever leaving the station...
♪ A branch it breaks
without warning ♪
...not a bad day
not at work, huh?
I stalled with Grant today
on the phone. A lot.
♪ Words spoke earnestly ♪
He wants me to take
more time off, but...
♪ Tied to things
that defy our best intent ♪
...one minute back here,
and all I want is more.
Time away from the station
will do that.
It's working out
for you, though.
♪ Walls built in between ♪
I mean, look at you.
♪ These words
that we never uttered ♪
You even starch
your shirts now.
I brought in my laundry
from home today...
♪ I'd take it back,
take it back ♪
...sheets, towels,
all of it...
♪ Take it all ♪
...because my
washing machine broke.
♪ Back to start again ♪
Can't you just
call a repair person?
Hey. I know my way around
machinery, Montgomery,
but normally Andy
is reading the manual
while I'm under the hood.
[ Door opens ]
I guess it's time I figure out
how to do it on my own.
♪ The strength inside me ♪
Or just call
a repair person.
♪ To leave this all behind ♪
No.
♪ Search your eyes
to tell me why ♪
♪ Give me a reason
to keep on holding on ♪
Grant: You were supposed to ask
for more time off, not less.
Is this because
of the new captain?
You're worried
about impressing him?
No.
What if you spike a fever?
Then I will come home.
I know my limits.
Today's limit was
supposed to be an hour,
and look what happened.
I'm feeling ready.
T-This is good news.
Feel the good news with me.
It doesn't feel good.
It feels like you're headed
right into danger.
It feels like I'm bound
to lose you all over again.
You didn't lose me,
though.
Well, I didn't know you were
gonna make it out of surgery.
I was sitting there in that
waiting room terrified, and...
♪ Every time
it's hard to find ♪
I don't ever want
to feel that again.
♪ The strength inside me
to keep on moving ♪
♪ Search your eyes
to tell me why ♪
Let's go home.
♪ Give me a reason,
oh, give me a sign ♪
Hey, roomie.
Did you talk to your dad?
Not yet, but I will.
I'm going to.
You were right,
by the way.
I-It did get weird
with Ryan today.
Yup.
I called him "Officer Tanner."
[ Chuckles ]
What's wrong with me?
Why did I do that?
And don't start with saying
it's all about Jack.
Jack and I
are just friends, okay?
There's nothing else
going on there.
I did not say
any of that.
Okay, so, now
you're being weird.
I was ready, Andy.
I was there.
I was harnessed in, and Sullivan
asked me to go down there.
I could hear Max's voice.
Yeah, you could
hear mine, too,
and everyone else's
telling you to stand down.
I thought
I could save him.
But you didn't.
And I could have
actually saved him
if you waited
and let me --
You don't know that!
I was right there!
And you just had
to jump in there!
You're right.
You -- You have every right
to be angry.
I --
But let's talk.
I don't want to talk.
Wanna yell?
Okay, come on.
This -- This is
your yelling closet.
Yell if you want.
Yell at me.
I don't want to yell!
I'm turning in.
[ Sighs ]
You took my spot.
This is where I like to go
when I want to be alone.
You know, there's a pool
going around
wondering
if you ever eat.
Well, the team should
get to relax at mealtime.
Nobody's gonna
relax around me.
You don't trust us
because you don't know us yet.
But you could get to know us
if you joined us for meals
instead of grabbing snacks
from the beanery
when nobody's watching.
I'm good.
Okay.
[ Chuckles ]
You speak Spanish?
So [chuckles]
that means, um...
I've been hearing your
less-than-flattering
commentary all day?
Yes, I have.
You know, the team
looks up to you.
When you bend the rules,
so will they.
I don't bend rules
for no reason.
Just for
the right reasons?
And who are you
to decide that? Hmm?
You're not
the most experienced.
You're not in charge.
You're Lieutenant
Andrea Herrera.
That's it.
Andy:
Our uniform is our armor,
our protection,
our hard-candy shell.
It protects what's
under the surface.
Hey.
You, uh -- You actually
washed all this yourself?
Montgomery
may have helped.
See? [ Scoffs ]
You didn't even need me.
Between the machines here
and Montgomery --
I'm not some
helpless old man.
Sullivan thinks so,
but he's wrong.
But I did need you.
Okay.
When you get
back home and see
just how messed up
the washing machine is,
you'll see how much
I needed you.
I said okay.
We have light bulbs out,
too, upstairs hallway.
We need to fix those.
Oh, a-and I meant to tell you,
don't buy any more skim milk.
I-I need 2%.
Anything less
just tastes like water --
I'm moving out.
What?
I'm moving out, Dad.
I'm...
I'm sorry.
It's -- It's just --
I-I need to...go.
Hell of a time
to decide that.
I-I-I'm at home all day
because I'm getting
cancer treatments.
You're on your last
leg of treatments,
and -- and they
are going very well.
Can't believe that you're
surprising me with this --
no -- no warning,
no conversation.
We're having a conversation.
When you've already decided.
I wanted Sullivan
to bask in my awesome today.
But instead I --
Everything got all messed up.
It went sideways,
and I was not awesome.
There was no basking
because there was no awesome.
And...I can't keep folding
your socks and...
your boxers.
Just -- It's --
Not awesome.
Got it.
I don't want to be
in charge of you when it's --
w-when it's all I can do
to just figure stuff out
for myself or...
♪♪
Hey.
I love you.
But there's just a --
there's a lot going on
right now.
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
I'm gonna be
at Maya's, okay?
But the truth is...
that no amount of armor
can protect you
from everything.
♪♪